---
title: Quizzes
layout: post
author: archit.rakhade
permalink: /quizzes/
source-id: 10LZbpbPQegzZTmsSp2xZk1O8buF9J4CUPvmO1eC3ThU
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Making Quizzes</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>20/01/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>A blank page on google docs </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To make 6 questions and answers for a quiz similar to a Buzzfeed Quiz</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>No I only managed to complete 3 questions.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>At the start of the lesson we were doing quizzes on Buzzfeed and that was very fun and also helpful. It helped me to comprehend how the quizzes worked and how they figured out what type of friend we are for example or how much we like animals. It also made me think about how it has been coded to take in our answers and input and figure out the best suitable option for us. I listened to best and perfect teacher in the world to ever exist in eternity of the intergalactic galaxy and the cosmos (aka Mr Keen) and used it to help me work out what to do and what the questions should be.  </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning was the amount of times I was distracted by the people sitting next to me. One of my friends needed help on the quiz he was doing which was about  cricket so I did not manage to get as much work done as I wanted to. Nevertheless, I did struggle thinking of questions that the majority of people would be able to relate to and understood. Most of time I was just trying to think of the questions and also 5 possible answers for them.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will try to solely focus on my work and not pay attention to the problems of others not to say that I won't try to help slightly. This will maximise my efficiency of work completion  and minimise the quantity of homework that I would be receiving thus saving time. Also I would hope to think quick and also not overthink the topic and just pick the first suitable idea that comes to mind and not the most perfect.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


